create post-seagl thank you post (#383)
SeaGL/seagl.github.io: _posts/2022-12-09-2022-thanks.md

---
layout: post
title: 'Thank you for ten years of SeaGL!'
status: publish
type: post
published: true
categories: news
tags: '2022'
---

SeaGL 2022 marked off our _tenth year_ running this big and little F free conference. Thanks to all who helped make it a reality!

I'd like to extend a special thanks to our _keynotes_ and other _presenters_ for sharing their time and knowledge with us. Also a hearty thanks to our _attendees_ old and new alike who took a moment to expand the free software community. And of course thanks goes to our _sponsors_ (especially Schedules Direct and Extra Hop who have been with us all ten years!) for keeping on the lights. Finally, and absolutely not least of all, thanks to the _volunteer staff_ who poured their hearts (and hours) into organizing SeaGL!

Looking forward, please save the date for **SeaGL 2023: November 3rd and 4th**. We are currently planning on gathering _in-person_ in Seattle. However, to keep those who aren't up for such a flight in the flock, we will be hosting this as a **hybrid event**. We'll need to bolster our staff numbers during this transition, so please [get involved](/get_involved) and tell your friends!

> Until then, please enjoy the [video archive](/archive) of past SeaGL presentations. Patch told me that the 2022 videos are already available...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Until then, please enjoy the [video archive](/archive) of past SeaGL presentations. Patch heard a rumor that the 2022 videos are already available...
```

rationale: the post has no author attached to it so "me" seems strange
